Palestinians open fire on Israeli
soldiers sparking a gun battle at the
tunnel checkpoint between Bethlehem and
Jerusalem terrified onlookers shelter as
best they
can the gunmen reportedly armed with
handguns and assault rifles enough to
cause chaos not enough to fight their
way out all three were killed Israel
closed several checkpoints in the
occupied West Bank for security sweeps
further restricting Palestinian areas
large police forces arrived to the scene
including IDF forces who managed to
secure the perimeter we have bomb
disposal experts from the Israel police
on site confronting Israeli soldiers
during raids or carrying out attacks
like this one there has been an
observable increase in the use of
explosives and Small Arms by
Palestinians in recent weeks anger is
building over the atrocities in Gaza and
the ongoing indignities of occupation
here in the West Bank Bank as Israel
continues to turn up the heat turn up
the pressure on Palestinian communities
people are beginning to push
back in the hours following the
checkpoint attack Israeli forces rolled
into Hebron raiding the homes of
attackers rounding up their family
members this kind of collective
punishment a violation of international
law is something Palestinians know all
too well
an elderly woman is taken away by
Israeli troops within hours of her son
being killed Israeli soldiers raided and
wrecked one home where the wife of one
of the gunmen said she had no idea about
the
attack we learned of the attack like
everyone else I didn't know who was
behind it neighbors came over to tell us
that Hassan was involved then the
Israeli Army stormed the house and
searched it they told everyone to leave
I was left in the house with my
mother-in-law and my young son they
searched the house and left it like you
saw and interrogated
me killings illegal detentions home
demolitions all routine in the occupied
West Bank all running in parallel to the
war on
Gaza Zan basravi Al jazer ramala in the
occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer